Added 2025-00016.md (#949)
DIVD-NL/web-csirt: _cases/2025/DIVD-2025-00016.md

---
layout: case
title: "Unauthenticated Remote Code Execution in Ingress NGINX"
author: Davy Aarts
lead: Victor Pasman

> excerpt: "Unauthenticated Remote Code Execution in Ingress NGINX can result in cluster takeover"

Reviewer: Punt na de zin

researchers:
- Victor Pasman
- Davy Aarts
cves:
- CVE-2025-1974
product:
- Kubernetes NGINX Ingress Controller
versions: 
- Ingress-Nginx Controller version 1.11.x before 1.11.5
- Ingress-Nginx Controller versions below 1.11.0

recommendation: "Upgrade Ingress-Nginx as soon as possible to version 1.12.1 or 1.11.5"
workaround: "For users unable to upgrade immediately, Kubernetes recommends turning off the Validating Admission Controller feature of ingress-nginx. Instructions for this can be found in the https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/03/24/ingress-nginx-cve-2025-1974/"
patch_status: "Fully patched"
status: Open
start: 2025-05-06
timeline:
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "DIVD starts researching the vulnerability."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "DIVD finds fingerprint, preparing to scan."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "Case opened and starting first scan."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "Notifications have been send out to vulnerable network owners."
---

## Summary

> The Ingress-Nginx software contains a Remote Code Execution vulnerability. This vulnerability can result in a complete cluster takeover. The vulnerability has been resolved in the upgraded version of the controller. 

Reviewer: Miss consistentie? Ingress NGINX of Ingress-Nginx?

Reviewer 2: Overal aangepast naar Ingress-Nginx

The patched versions are 1.12.1 or 1.11.5

## Recommendations
Upgrading the Ingress-Nginx Controller to the following version will resolved the vulnerability: 1.12.1 or 1.11.5.
If the implementation of these specified versions is not feasible you can reduse the risk by turning off the Validating Admission Controller feature.

> More information on the implementation of the workaround can be found at the [Kubernetes Blog](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/03/24/ingress-nginx-cve-2025-1974/)

Reviewer: Punt na de zin

---
layout: case
title: "Unauthenticated Remote Code Execution in Ingress NGINX"
author: Davy Aarts
lead: 
excerpt: "Unauthenticated Remote Code Execution in Ingress NGINX can result in cluster takeover"
researchers:
- Victor Pasman
- Davy Aarts

> - 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Anders staat er lege bullit.

cves:
- CVE-2025-1974
product:
- Kubernetes NGINX Ingress Controller
versions: 
- Ingress-Nginx Controller version 1.11.x before 1.11.5
- Ingress-Nginx Controller versions below 1.11.0

recommendation: "Upgrade Ingress-Nginx as soon as possible to version 1.12.1 or 1.11.5"
workaround: "For users unable to upgrade immediately, Kubernetes recommends turning off the Validating Admission Controller feature of ingress-nginx. Instructions for this can be found in the https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/03/24/ingress-nginx-cve-2025-1974/"
patch_status: "Fully patched"
status: Open
start: 2025-05-06
timeline:
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "DIVD starts researching the vulnerability."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "DIVD finds fingerprint, preparing to scan."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "Case opened and starting first scan."
- start: 2025-05-09
  end:
  event: "Notifications have been send out to vulnerable network owners."
---

## Summary

> Within the Ingress-Nginx there is a Remote Code Execution found. This can result in a complete cluster takeover. This vulnerability has been resolved in the upgraded version of the controller. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Ingress-Nginx software contains a Remote Code Execution vulenrability. This vulnerability can result in a complete cluster takeover. it has been resolved in the upgraded version of the controller. 
```

Reviewer 3: Zin beter lopend gemaakt.

The patched versions are 1.12.1 or 1.11.5

## Recommendations
Upgrading the Ingress-Nginx Controller to the following version will resolved the vulnerability: 1.12.1 or 1.11.5.
If the implementation of these specified versions is not feasible you can reduse the risk by turning off the Validating Admission Controller feature.

> More information on the implementation of the workaround can be found at the kubernetes blog [Kubernetes Blog](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/03/24/ingress-nginx-cve-2025-1974/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More information on the implementation of the workaround can be found at the [Kubernetes Blog](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/03/24/ingress-nginx-cve-2025-1974/)
```
In de output staat nu twee keer achter elkaar 'Kubernetes blog' een keer met en een keer zonder hyperlink.
